# Short description: 
This code goes over the results of using CodeCarbon to track CO₂ emissions in the previous assignments. A plot is created for every script used in an assignment, as well as a plot for the overall emissions of every assignment.

# Data:
The data consists of results from tracking the emissions of CO₂ from all four previous assignments using CodeCarbon. The code used to track is found in the respective assignment's .py script(s). 
The dataset is therefore the csv files generated by CodeCarbon which can be found in the ```input``` folder. All of the existing assignments are set to add to this folder when running the tracker, so if any runs have been performed, they can be found in this folder. An ```example_emissions``` folder has also been provided with test runs of every assignment, which is what the notebook uses for its visualizations and analyses. There is an ```emissions.csv``` file for all assignments' total emissions tracked together, and every assignment script has an additional csv file tracking the individual tasks. 

# Reproducing:
A setup file has been included which can be run to create a virtual environment with the necessary requirements. Start by running the setup file by inputting ```bash setup.sh``` in the terminal. Next, open the ```assignment5.ipynb``` notebook in the ```src``` folder and set the env_assignment virtual environment as the kernel. This can be done by pressing ```Select Kernel``` in the top right corner, ```Jupyter Kernel``` and then ```env_assignment```. This may require you to reload the list of kernels in the top right corner before the environment shows up.
The script requires that the csv files with the emission data are located in the ```example_emissions``` folder. The code can then be run by running the individual cells in the Jupyter notebook in order. Any generated emission data from the ```input``` folder can be visualized in the notebook by changing the pathway into the path to the desired file when loading the data.

The code has been written and tested on a Windows laptop and may not work correctly on other operating systems.

# Discussion/summary:
Discussion of the results can be found in the notebook itself.